Cisco webex update authentication call to use body instead of url params (#34912)
demisto/content: Packs/CiscoSpark/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Integrations

##### Cisco Webex Event Collector

> Fixed and issue where the ***cisco-webex-oauth-complete*** command failed on bad request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the ***cisco-webex-oauth-complete*** command failed on a bad request.
```
